kernelci.org: add blog post with API timeline (#228)
kernelci/kernelci-project: kernelci.org/content/en/blog/posts/2023/api-timeline/index.md

groundbreaking there, you might think.  So, what's all the fuss about?

In a nutshell: a Pub/Sub interface to orchestrate distributed client-side
services that can be run anywhere.  You could have your own too at home.  Also:
user accounts so you can keep your own personal test data there, an abstraction
for runtime environments so jobs can be run seamlessly in Docker, Kubernetes, a
local shell, LAVA, [insert your own system here]... a new `kci` command line
tool to rule them all and a unified Node schema to contain all the test data
(revision, build, runtime test, regression...) in a tree or
[DAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph) to be precise.  But
again, we'll go through all that later in more detail.  It's all based on
requirements gathered from the community over the past few years.

## Timeline

The main message in this blog post is the timeline for retiring the old system
and getting the new API in production.  Here's the proposal:

Early Access
: Monday 4th September 2023

Production Deployment
: Monday 4th December 2023

Legacy System Deprecation
: Monday 4th March 2024

Legacy System Sunset
: Monday 4th November 2024

> It only takes four Monday the Forth milestones to get through all this.  Here's
> what they mean:

Reviewer: Just a minor thing.
```suggestion
It only takes four Mondays the Forth milestone to get through all this.  Here's
what they mean:
```

Author: I intentionally wrote it as "Monday the Forth" milestones.  There are definitely 4 milestones.  I think I'm just missing dashes in "Monday-the-Forth" to be completely correct from a grammatical point of view.

Author: OK I've updated this part now.
